When I was in college, I actually did a couple of internships and they
really helped me out a lot. The very first one that I did was when
I was in community college. It was right before I was accepted to my
university. It was at the Naval Training Center in Orlando, Florida.
So, I was in the military before so that's probably a big reason why
they accepted me for this internship but we were studying something,
we were doing work on something called the MSAT. It's this big huge
screen that Marines, kind of, like, sit in front of, with their
guns, facing the screen and they're supposed to be talking to a helicopter
and the helicopter is supposed to be dropping bombs on something.
So, if they didn't have this screen, they'd actually have to do
it in real life. They'd actually have to be on the desert and talk
to a real helicopter to tell them to drop bombs on this place and the
helicopter costs money, the people in the helicopter and the pilots
cost money. Being out there in the field, you know, it all costs money
but if you're doing virtually, then you save so much cash. So that's
one of the first things that I was doing. The internship was to
look at the code and help write the script so that when the person
talks to the computer, that it understands what he says. So, if he
says, "Drop an illumination bomb on set XYZ in 300 yards. Explosion."
Maybe the computer might not exactly understand what he said. Maybe
the computer hears, ''Alarmination instead of illumination" and without
that word, it wouldn't do the right thing. So, my goal was to
say, "Well, hey, sometimes people say illumination, sometimes people
say illumination, sometimes people say illumination but no matter what
they say, as long as they say il-la, then the computer should understand
the rest of what he's trying to say because there's only one
type of bomb." So, that's, kind of, like, the first internship that
I had. The next internship that I had was at the University of Southern
California Institute for Creative Technologies where I was a quality
assurance specialist. That's where I look at a game and I make
sure that it's, all of the things are supposed to be working the right
way, the sound works the right way, the colors work the right way,
the listening of the computer works the right way and another internship
that I had, it wasn't quite an internship but it was a job,
as a Residential Computing Consultant for the University of California,
Berkeley where I just go around, making sure that all the students
had the right operating system, could get onto the wireless network
and didn't have any viruses.